doc(release): prepare release notes for Centreon MAP 22.10.3 (#2034)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-22.10/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

## Centreon MAP

### 22.10.3

Release date: `December 16, 2022`

#### Bug fixes

> - Fixed server startup error due to duplicate key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added more fixes for server startup error due to duplicate keys.
```
